light green bags contain 2 pale cyan bags.
dim tan bags contain 3 shiny teal bags, 5 bright white bags, 4 striped bronze bags.
dotted magenta bags contain 2 faded cyan bags, 4 bright yellow bags.
dull silver bags contain 3 striped green bags.
posh purple bags contain 2 mirrored lavender bags, 4 light chartreuse bags, 3 shiny green bags.
vibrant black bags contain 2 faded lavender bags, 4 shiny plum bags.
posh fuchsia bags contain 1 striped coral bag, 2 wavy gray bags, 3 posh white bags, 1 mirrored coral bag.
wavy magenta bags contain 2 light salmon bags.
shiny purple bags contain 3 vibrant white bags.
wavy chartreuse bags contain 3 striped purple bags, 3 vibrant blue bags, 2 mirrored fuchsia bags, 2 muted indigo bags.
vibrant cyan bags contain 4 posh teal bags, 1 dull aqua bag.
light plum bags contain 1 dotted blue bag, 2 clear yellow bags, 2 dark indigo bags.
mirrored chartreuse bags contain 4 dull plum bags, 4 light bronze bags, 2 dim red bags, 2 wavy silver bags.
faded purple bags contain 1 shiny maroon bag.
dark maroon bags contain 2 drab brown bags, 2 wavy tomato bags.
clear teal bags contain 1 bright beige bag, 3 dark green bags, 4 light indigo bags.
light gold bags contain 3 mirrored brown bags, 1 muted chartreuse bag, 2 wavy yellow bags.
dull aqua bags contain no other bags.
posh crimson bags contain 3 clear crimson bags, 3 mirrored tan bags, 5 muted coral bags, 4 striped yellow bags.
dotted lime bags contain 2 clear violet bags, 4 dark beige bags, 2 mirrored gray bags, 3 clear chartreuse bags.
bright indigo bags contain 5 muted brown bags.
vibrant crimson bags contain 3 faded olive bags, 2 faded fuchsia bags, 2 dotted chartreuse bags.
pale white bags contain 2 plaid aqua bags.
wavy coral bags contain 2 plaid red bags, 4 bright turquoise bags, 1 shiny silver bag, 2 clear blue bags.
light chartreuse bags contain 4 dotted violet bags, 1 mirrored lavender bag, 2 muted red bags, 1 plaid silver bag.
shiny plum bags contain 3 muted tomato bags, 5 dark bronze bags.
bright violet bags contain 2 striped brown bags, 5 vibrant chartreuse bags, 4 drab turquoise bags, 5 light plum bags.
plaid green bags contain 5 plaid white bags, 2 dull olive bags, 3 light tan bags, 4 vibrant tan bags.
light fuchsia bags contain 1 shiny gold bag, 5 faded beige bags, 2 dark chartreuse bags, 3 light brown bags.
posh beige bags contain 4 mirrored coral bags, 2 muted tomato bags, 1 dull lavender bag.
clear plum bags contain 2 plaid tomato bags.
dark indigo bags contain 5 dotted chartreuse bags, 3 vibrant olive bags, 3 dull blue bags, 4 light tan bags.
striped crimson bags contain 3 muted gray bags, 2 clear white bags.
drab crimson bags contain 3 plaid turquoise bags, 2 clear violet bags, 2 faded lavender bags, 1 dim crimson bag.
clear salmon bags contain 3 dim yellow bags, 1 mirrored white bag, 5 dotted aqua bags.
dim turquoise bags contain 2 bright salmon bags, 2 light salmon bags, 2 dark fuchsia bags, 2 dotted magenta bags.
vibrant tomato bags contain 2 faded indigo bags, 5 wavy yellow bags, 2 light tan bags.
plaid magenta bags contain 5 drab tomato bags, 5 striped crimson bags, 4 muted blue bags, 3 dim chartreuse bags.
light tomato bags contain 1 muted blue bag, 1 clear tan bag.
wavy white bags contain 4 dotted coral bags, 1 dim orange bag.
faded chartreuse bags contain 5 bright green bags.
striped tomato bags contain 5 muted tomato bags.
striped turquoise bags contain 5 striped brown bags.
faded indigo bags contain 1 pale green bag.
posh indigo bags contain 5 light violet bags, 1 shiny indigo bag, 1 striped crimson bag, 1 dotted bronze bag.
drab white bags contain 1 clear green bag.
pale salmon bags contain 4 vibrant white bags, 4 plaid aqua bags.
plaid plum bags contain 1 dim coral bag, 1 light olive bag, 5 shiny bronze bags.
muted crimson bags contain 1 wavy purple bag, 4 striped tomato bags, 5 muted gray bags, 4 bright black bags.
light magenta bags contain 1 pale cyan bag, 2 clear gray bags, 4 dim tomato bags, 2 shiny gold bags.
vibrant red bags contain 1 faded bronze bag, 5 faded red bags, 3 dull olive bags.
wavy silver bags contain 2 striped brown bags, 2 light white bags.
striped tan bags contain 5 light tan bags.
vibrant chartreuse bags contain 3 striped black bags, 4 plaid lime bags, 1 striped tomato bag.
vibrant salmon bags contain 1 shiny lavender bag, 2 shiny green bags, 3 plaid lime bags, 5 plaid plum bags.
clear lavender bags contain 4 dim orange bags, 1 dotted yellow bag, 1 faded fuchsia bag.
striped chartreuse bags contain 1 muted beige bag, 5 bright yellow bags.
bright magenta bags contain 4 light magenta bags, 4 faded lavender bags.
drab lavender bags contain 3 bright maroon bags.
dotted maroon bags contain 1 faded salmon bag, 2 striped black bags, 3 shiny coral bags.
vibrant green bags contain 4 mirrored turquoise bags, 1 wavy maroon bag.
dark violet bags contain 4 posh lavender bags.
clear cyan bags contain 3 wavy black bags, 3 pale cyan bags, 3 dark indigo bags, 4 mirrored turquoise bags.
light cyan bags contain 3 muted chartreuse bags.
drab gold bags contain 1 dark plum bag, 1 striped gray bag, 5 clear maroon bags.
muted lime bags contain 3 dim tomato bags.
pale aqua bags contain 3 muted aqua bags, 2 dark beige bags.
mirrored silver bags contain 5 bright violet bags.
drab yellow bags contain 4 posh coral bags, 2 posh silver bags, 1 bright crimson bag, 3 posh maroon bags.
dull beige bags contain 5 posh gold bags.
dim indigo bags contain 2 light gold bags, 2 clear yellow bags.
dotted bronze bags contain 1 dotted blue bag, 1 plaid chartreuse bag, 4 drab salmon bags.
wavy tomato bags contain 1 bright tan bag, 3 vibrant plum bags, 1 mirrored orange bag, 3 striped white bags.
pale brown bags contain 1 posh coral bag, 1 dotted violet bag, 2 light olive bags, 4 plaid olive bags.
mirrored tan bags contain 5 dotted white bags.
dull salmon bags contain 3 clear green bags, 4 plaid tomato bags, 3 vibrant tomato bags.
mirrored aqua bags contain 3 posh turquoise bags, 4 dotted magenta bags, 3 plaid tomato bags.
wavy plum bags contain 2 dark green bags.
drab indigo bags contain 4 muted lime bags, 1 plaid olive bag, 2 vibrant beige bags, 4 vibrant coral bags.
mirrored crimson bags contain 3 dull silver bags.
wavy teal bags contain 1 faded white bag, 2 dotted gold bags, 4 light violet bags, 2 pale coral bags.
wavy red bags contain 5 dull bronze bags.
striped gray bags contain 1 muted blue bag.
dim orange bags contain 1 mirrored lavender bag, 2 shiny bronze bags, 5 posh gray bags, 3 striped green bags.
mirrored fuchsia bags contain 4 posh gray bags.
bright yellow bags contain 3 faded lime bags, 2 wavy maroon bags, 2 mirrored coral bags, 1 vibrant violet bag.
vibrant lavender bags contain 1 drab chartreuse bag, 2 posh maroon bags.
bright chartreuse bags contain 2 pale plum bags, 3 light lime bags, 1 posh beige bag, 1 light gold bag.
vibrant brown bags contain 1 muted black bag, 4 shiny coral bags, 3 dim chartreuse bags, 1 drab magenta bag.
dotted tan bags contain 1 clear maroon bag, 1 light gray bag, 1 dotted maroon bag, 5 light tan bags.
mirrored magenta bags contain 2 clear brown bags.
light salmon bags contain 4 shiny brown bags.
dark black bags contain 5 posh gold bags, 3 wavy blue bags, 5 vibrant indigo bags.
shiny salmon bags contain 4 pale cyan bags, 1 muted coral bag.
dark silver bags contain 4 plaid brown bags, 4 dark gray bags.
striped magenta bags contain 4 plaid plum bags.
bright tomato bags contain 3 dim maroon bags.
faded lime bags contain 4 shiny violet bags, 4 wavy purple bags.
drab tomato bags contain 4 muted red bags.
plaid crimson bags contain 3 bright gray bags, 2 striped aqua bags.
wavy salmon bags contain 2 mirrored black bags, 4 mirrored coral bags.
vibrant fuchsia bags contain 3 muted cyan bags, 2 drab brown bags, 4 plaid turquoise bags, 2 dotted brown bags.
drab turquoise bags contain 2 wavy yellow bags.
posh lavender bags contain 1 clear tan bag, 2 mirrored lavender bags, 5 muted lime bags, 3 muted tan bags.
shiny gold bags contain 5 mirrored lavender bags, 4 shiny maroon bags, 4 striped yellow bags.
striped beige bags contain 3 mirrored orange bags, 4 dark orange bags, 2 dark white bags.
bright salmon bags contain 2 dark gray bags.
plaid bronze bags contain 2 wavy fuchsia bags, 5 muted fuchsia bags.
dark white bags contain 4 vibrant chartreuse bags, 5 light chartreuse bags.
dull tan bags contain 1 striped yellow bag.
dotted silver bags contain 3 dotted chartreuse bags, 5 drab red bags.
bright silver bags contain 5 dotted lime bags, 2 vibrant tan bags, 5 clear turquoise bags.
plaid chartreuse bags contain 2 vibrant lavender bags.
striped violet bags contain 1 striped black bag, 1 mirrored turquoise bag, 5 shiny bronze bags, 1 posh lavender bag.
vibrant maroon bags contain 5 muted chartreuse bags, 2 dark bronze bags, 3 plaid salmon bags.
wavy violet bags contain 4 bright turquoise bags, 4 muted salmon bags.
faded yellow bags contain 4 wavy maroon bags, 2 dull silver bags.
faded lavender bags contain 3 wavy black bags, 4 dotted chartreuse bags, 2 mirrored turquoise bags, 5 faded fuchsia bags.
dull fuchsia bags contain 3 vibrant green bags.
shiny maroon bags contain 1 mirrored coral bag, 3 bright black bags, 4 light chartreuse bags.
mirrored green bags contain 2 muted red bags, 4 muted beige bags, 4 light cyan bags.
wavy brown bags contain 3 mirrored chartreuse bags, 2 wavy green bags, 3 dim tan bags.
posh black bags contain 5 clear gold bags.
posh brown bags contain 3 bright maroon bags, 2 pale purple bags.
dotted coral bags contain 3 shiny cyan bags, 5 clear black bags, 1 faded olive bag, 1 clear crimson bag.
dotted green bags contain 4 dull silver bags, 4 shiny maroon bags, 2 faded brown bags, 4 muted crimson bags.
dim gold bags contain 3 vibrant indigo bags, 4 dark white bags, 1 dull gray bag.
pale turquoise bags contain 1 plaid bronze bag, 3 bright fuchsia bags.
drab lime bags contain 1 wavy yellow bag, 1 dim orange bag, 3 faded lavender bags.
vibrant gray bags contain 4 posh bronze bags, 5 wavy black bags, 5 mirrored coral bags.
posh tan bags contain 2 bright coral bags, 4 dull gold bags, 3 vibrant lavender bags, 3 dim chartreuse bags.
posh gold bags contain 4 posh lavender bags, 2 muted brown bags.
bright lime bags contain 3 mirrored fuchsia bags, 2 clear plum bags, 3 vibrant bronze bags.
vibrant aqua bags contain 2 mirrored brown bags, 4 dark red bags, 3 wavy indigo bags, 1 dim tomato bag.
wavy blue bags contain 5 clear maroon bags, 5 shiny cyan bags, 1 vibrant white bag.
bright turquoise bags contain 4 dim coral bags.
dull tomato bags contain 5 drab crimson bags.
muted beige bags contain 5 pale cyan bags, 4 striped white bags, 1 muted cyan bag, 2 plaid salmon bags.
dark bronze bags contain 5 drab magenta bags.
light yellow bags contain 2 striped lime bags.
dark lime bags contain 5 mirrored gray bags.
pale teal bags contain 2 plaid violet bags.
plaid lime bags contain 1 light red bag, 1 light tan bag.
drab green bags contain 1 vibrant lavender bag, 2 drab violet bags.
dull red bags contain 4 striped bronze bags, 3 light blue bags.
dim maroon bags contain 3 muted salmon bags, 1 pale plum bag, 2 mirrored coral bags.
drab orange bags contain 3 clear purple bags, 4 wavy yellow bags.
dark cyan bags contain 5 mirrored purple bags, 3 dull cyan bags, 5 light olive bags.
vibrant plum bags contain 5 posh maroon bags.
plaid gold bags contain 2 pale violet bags.
shiny blue bags contain 1 bright salmon bag, 3 dull chartreuse bags, 2 dark salmon bags, 3 dark beige bags.
muted blue bags contain 1 bright purple bag.
dark gray bags contain 1 dull lavender bag, 2 shiny maroon bags, 1 posh beige bag, 5 muted tomato bags.
dull blue bags contain no other bags.
dim bronze bags contain 5 vibrant gray bags, 4 bright indigo bags, 3 dark bronze bags.
striped orange bags contain 2 light crimson bags, 5 vibrant green bags, 5 muted cyan bags, 3 posh brown bags.
bright fuchsia bags contain 2 striped yellow bags, 4 dotted violet bags, 3 dull aqua bags.
shiny coral bags contain 3 drab magenta bags, 2 bright black bags.
dotted violet bags contain 5 shiny green bags.
pale bronze bags contain 3 muted green bags, 4 wavy indigo bags, 4 dim red bags, 4 posh teal bags.
pale fuchsia bags contain 4 drab gray bags, 5 wavy red bags, 4 dark olive bags, 2 pale bronze bags.
pale tan bags contain 1 bright green bag, 2 clear green bags, 4 pale coral bags, 4 dim orange bags.
wavy indigo bags contain 2 wavy tan bags, 1 pale magenta bag.
dotted chartreuse bags contain no other bags.
bright aqua bags contain 4 vibrant beige bags, 5 clear green bags.
dark turquoise bags contain 5 wavy bronze bags, 3 mirrored chartreuse bags.
light crimson bags contain 3 faded magenta bags.
striped silver bags contain 3 faded magenta bags, 3 dim tomato bags.
dark red bags contain 2 dark chartreuse bags.
striped green bags contain 2 wavy black bags, 4 dotted violet bags, 4 dull lavender bags, 5 light tan bags.
muted salmon bags contain 1 faded lavender bag.
dark magenta bags contain 4 striped orange bags, 5 shiny salmon bags.
striped fuchsia bags contain 5 striped purple bags, 2 posh gray bags, 1 striped white bag.
pale red bags contain 1 clear maroon bag.
light black bags contain 3 posh maroon bags.
clear yellow bags contain 4 clear coral bags.
bright coral bags contain 4 mirrored brown bags, 3 pale cyan bags.
wavy turquoise bags contain 1 striped salmon bag, 1 vibrant tan bag, 4 dim blue bags.
muted teal bags contain 3 drab beige bags, 5 dark teal bags.
vibrant blue bags contain 1 vibrant olive bag, 1 clear coral bag, 3 dull aqua bags, 3 mirrored lavender bags.
vibrant bronze bags contain 4 striped lime bags, 1 posh fuchsia bag, 1 dotted aqua bag, 5 clear orange bags.
vibrant tan bags contain 1 vibrant violet bag.
dark tan bags contain 4 dotted white bags.
drab cyan bags contain 2 muted black bags, 1 clear cyan bag, 3 vibrant black bags.
posh turquoise bags contain 3 light tan bags.
mirrored olive bags contain 4 wavy gold bags.
bright red bags contain 2 shiny tomato bags.
pale yellow bags contain 3 striped lime bags, 1 vibrant tan bag, 3 muted white bags.
clear maroon bags contain 3 mirrored salmon bags, 5 vibrant black bags, 4 mirrored white bags.
posh plum bags contain 1 posh cyan bag, 5 dotted coral bags.
faded gray bags contain 1 mirrored tan bag, 3 clear purple bags, 4 clear coral bags, 2 plaid lavender bags.
clear chartreuse bags contain 2 plaid purple bags, 2 bright indigo bags, 1 light olive bag.
shiny gray bags contain 5 shiny brown bags.
faded tomato bags contain 2 dim aqua bags, 2 faded yellow bags.
wavy green bags contain 4 dim bronze bags, 3 drab tomato bags, 2 muted bronze bags.
muted indigo bags contain 2 wavy turquoise bags.
plaid teal bags contain 3 plaid bronze bags, 2 dotted red bags.
muted olive bags contain 2 dotted coral bags, 5 dull olive bags, 1 posh white bag, 5 light cyan bags.
striped aqua bags contain 2 dull lime bags, 3 mirrored violet bags, 4 shiny turquoise bags.
mirrored lime bags contain 1 clear gray bag, 4 shiny crimson bags, 1 wavy turquoise bag, 4 striped salmon bags.
muted black bags contain 2 dim teal bags.
shiny lavender bags contain 2 shiny green bags, 5 bright beige bags.
muted lavender bags contain 5 pale green bags, 5 vibrant beige bags, 1 vibrant brown bag, 5 clear crimson bags.
dull gray bags contain 5 plaid bronze bags.
plaid coral bags contain 5 vibrant blue bags, 4 clear lavender bags, 4 drab black bags.
dim magenta bags contain 4 pale coral bags, 4 vibrant blue bags, 1 vibrant lavender bag.
muted tomato bags contain 5 dark indigo bags, 3 faded olive bags, 3 clear yellow bags, 4 shiny bronze bags.
dull white bags contain 1 wavy tan bag, 1 faded olive bag, 1 pale purple bag.
bright olive bags contain 2 posh purple bags, 1 plaid lime bag.
dark lavender bags contain 3 striped turquoise bags, 5 posh brown bags, 2 muted lime bags, 4 clear brown bags.
dotted tomato bags contain 4 shiny bronze bags, 5 drab lime bags, 4 posh maroon bags, 5 light bronze bags.
dim violet bags contain 2 plaid plum bags.
vibrant coral bags contain 5 pale plum bags.
muted brown bags contain 4 dim yellow bags, 3 vibrant crimson bags, 5 shiny coral bags, 5 shiny gold bags.
shiny silver bags contain 5 striped chartreuse bags, 5 plaid brown bags.
faded black bags contain 3 dim chartreuse bags, 2 wavy turquoise bags, 5 wavy maroon bags, 1 bright yellow bag.
bright beige bags contain 1 striped salmon bag, 4 shiny violet bags, 1 bright magenta bag.
vibrant lime bags contain 4 posh violet bags.
posh olive bags contain 1 shiny gold bag, 3 shiny indigo bags, 5 posh beige bags, 1 clear silver bag.
mirrored blue bags contain 5 clear brown bags, 4 drab plum bags, 3 posh beige bags, 3 muted blue bags.
light tan bags contain no other bags.
posh lime bags contain 1 pale white bag.
dim teal bags contain 5 pale beige bags, 1 faded lavender bag.
pale maroon bags contain 4 mirrored green bags.
faded red bags contain 2 shiny green bags, 2 faded magenta bags, 4 mirrored cyan bags, 2 clear beige bags.
bright green bags contain 4 posh teal bags, 3 dark gray bags, 3 dark bronze bags, 5 posh silver bags.
dark brown bags contain 2 dull lavender bags, 4 faded lavender bags, 5 vibrant lavender bags, 4 plaid violet bags.
shiny crimson bags contain 2 plaid gray bags, 3 dark green bags.
clear aqua bags contain 4 clear silver bags, 5 vibrant cyan bags, 2 wavy plum bags.
drab fuchsia bags contain 3 clear beige bags, 5 pale aqua bags.
dim lavender bags contain 5 posh bronze bags, 3 wavy indigo bags, 4 drab indigo bags.
posh red bags contain 3 striped chartreuse bags, 3 mirrored coral bags, 2 striped turquoise bags, 2 dull magenta bags.
mirrored turquoise bags contain no other bags.
vibrant violet bags contain 1 muted red bag.
bright blue bags contain 2 faded chartreuse bags.
dotted crimson bags contain 4 wavy gold bags, 3 shiny indigo bags, 3 dark turquoise bags.
faded teal bags contain 1 clear lavender bag, 1 clear cyan bag.
drab bronze bags contain 2 muted lime bags, 1 vibrant blue bag.
clear magenta bags contain 5 dull turquoise bags.
pale magenta bags contain 2 muted salmon bags, 3 shiny coral bags, 3 posh gray bags, 3 vibrant violet bags.
pale silver bags contain 3 clear white bags, 3 bright black bags, 2 vibrant maroon bags, 1 vibrant violet bag.
dull teal bags contain 2 dull gold bags, 4 dotted chartreuse bags, 3 dim orange bags.
plaid beige bags contain 5 vibrant turquoise bags, 2 wavy teal bags, 1 light tan bag, 2 wavy cyan bags.
wavy maroon bags contain 3 pale crimson bags, 4 drab tomato bags, 2 drab magenta bags, 3 dull blue bags.
clear green bags contain 3 wavy purple bags, 2 shiny maroon bags, 1 dull tan bag.
clear white bags contain 1 dim yellow bag, 3 dim chartreuse bags, 3 clear tan bags, 2 dotted lavender bags.
dark plum bags contain 5 pale cyan bags.
vibrant magenta bags contain 1 clear coral bag, 3 dull violet bags, 3 striped orange bags.
muted red bags contain no other bags.
light coral bags contain 5 light green bags.
dim gray bags contain 2 striped chartreuse bags.
dull bronze bags contain 3 dull olive bags, 2 drab plum bags.
dotted aqua bags contain 1 clear teal bag, 4 dull lime bags, 1 dark green bag, 2 clear yellow bags.
plaid tomato bags contain 1 shiny turquoise bag, 2 clear tan bags, 2 faded salmon bags, 4 muted lime bags.
drab salmon bags contain 5 drab magenta bags.
muted silver bags contain 3 drab magenta bags, 2 muted black bags, 1 clear tan bag.
shiny fuchsia bags contain 2 vibrant yellow bags, 1 dark bronze bag, 2 posh white bags, 2 dim yellow bags.
clear fuchsia bags contain 3 bright violet bags, 4 wavy beige bags, 4 pale black bags, 4 drab red bags.
shiny indigo bags contain 2 mirrored turquoise bags, 4 posh coral bags, 4 vibrant red bags.
posh bronze bags contain 2 drab magenta bags, 5 dim yellow bags, 4 dotted violet bags, 5 vibrant violet bags.
light bronze bags contain 5 posh green bags, 5 bright purple bags, 5 dark brown bags, 1 dim orange bag.
dotted lavender bags contain 2 vibrant yellow bags, 4 vibrant turquoise bags, 1 muted chartreuse bag, 5 faded chartreuse bags.
light gray bags contain 2 pale magenta bags, 3 mirrored turquoise bags, 4 posh purple bags.
clear turquoise bags contain 2 striped yellow bags, 5 light olive bags, 5 muted salmon bags, 1 faded magenta bag.
plaid red bags contain 2 drab tomato bags.
shiny turquoise bags contain 2 faded lavender bags, 2 plaid silver bags, 3 plaid violet bags, 2 muted gray bags.
shiny green bags contain no other bags.
bright gold bags contain 5 plaid tomato bags, 2 striped maroon bags, 3 dark salmon bags.
clear red bags contain 1 wavy yellow bag, 4 drab tomato bags, 1 dim yellow bag.
faded gold bags contain 4 plaid black bags, 3 plaid indigo bags.
wavy lime bags contain 4 dotted bronze bags.
dark orange bags contain 5 drab bronze bags, 2 drab magenta bags, 5 shiny green bags.
clear brown bags contain 5 mirrored lavender bags, 2 dark chartreuse bags.
pale chartreuse bags contain 4 dotted gray bags, 1 pale purple bag, 5 muted silver bags.
mirrored coral bags contain 3 wavy purple bags, 3 dull blue bags, 2 drab magenta bags, 4 dotted chartreuse bags.
drab olive bags contain 1 posh green bag.
dim purple bags contain 5 dotted aqua bags, 3 pale gray bags.
faded olive bags contain 4 vibrant blue bags, 3 vibrant olive bags, 3 clear coral bags, 5 light tan bags.
wavy purple bags contain 3 wavy black bags, 5 dark indigo bags, 4 dotted violet bags.
vibrant olive bags contain no other bags.
dull indigo bags contain 2 posh beige bags.
dark purple bags contain 2 bright coral bags, 2 faded lavender bags.
pale violet bags contain 1 posh bronze bag, 1 light beige bag, 1 dim teal bag.
muted orange bags contain 3 shiny cyan bags, 4 pale plum bags.
dotted gray bags contain 5 dark indigo bags.
vibrant teal bags contain 4 vibrant cyan bags, 2 mirrored gray bags, 5 striped salmon bags, 2 vibrant orange bags.
light red bags contain 4 dull lavender bags, 4 wavy purple bags, 1 mirrored coral bag, 4 muted crimson bags.
shiny chartreuse bags contain 3 dull olive bags.
mirrored beige bags contain 4 wavy tan bags, 4 faded tan bags.
light indigo bags contain 4 posh beige bags, 4 dull lavender bags.
faded plum bags contain 2 dotted lime bags, 3 dotted chartreuse bags.
dim chartreuse bags contain 2 vibrant plum bags, 4 dark indigo bags.
bright white bags contain 1 pale cyan bag, 2 dim yellow bags, 3 dark aqua bags, 2 plaid tan bags.
muted turquoise bags contain 3 bright silver bags, 2 dotted yellow bags, 1 clear tan bag.
dull purple bags contain 5 posh beige bags, 5 dim lavender bags, 5 vibrant violet bags, 5 bright lime bags.
muted cyan bags contain 4 vibrant violet bags, 5 muted salmon bags, 4 clear tan bags.
dim blue bags contain 3 muted salmon bags.
wavy cyan bags contain 1 vibrant red bag, 2 dim tomato bags.
shiny red bags contain 4 striped white bags, 1 light cyan bag, 2 drab blue bags.
bright crimson bags contain 5 striped turquoise bags.
shiny magenta bags contain 2 dull turquoise bags, 2 wavy yellow bags.
dotted orange bags contain 4 posh tan bags, 2 clear plum bags.
dotted brown bags contain 5 light magenta bags, 5 shiny lavender bags.
bright tan bags contain 5 shiny gold bags, 5 vibrant gray bags, 2 mirrored coral bags.
dim olive bags contain 1 bright black bag.
striped yellow bags contain 5 dark indigo bags.
dull orange bags contain 2 clear chartreuse bags, 1 wavy white bag, 5 dim coral bags.
faded white bags contain 1 posh teal bag.
pale gold bags contain 2 clear blue bags.
faded orange bags contain 3 shiny blue bags, 5 shiny turquoise bags, 2 posh turquoise bags.
drab brown bags contain 3 plaid olive bags, 5 plaid cyan bags, 4 pale coral bags.
light white bags contain 5 mirrored gray bags, 2 dim chartreuse bags, 1 posh lavender bag, 5 vibrant crimson bags.
drab red bags contain 5 bright purple bags, 1 wavy blue bag, 4 shiny magenta bags.
muted coral bags contain 2 dim tomato bags, 1 vibrant crimson bag, 5 faded magenta bags, 5 clear teal bags.
plaid maroon bags contain 5 striped tomato bags.
drab black bags contain 2 pale indigo bags, 1 muted lime bag.
pale green bags contain 3 vibrant white bags.
wavy gray bags contain 3 pale cyan bags, 2 vibrant lavender bags.
clear gold bags contain 3 muted plum bags, 4 clear cyan bags, 3 dull plum bags, 3 pale aqua bags.
pale gray bags contain 5 vibrant white bags, 1 plaid lavender bag.
drab plum bags contain 1 pale green bag, 1 wavy purple bag, 3 muted tan bags, 2 drab magenta bags.
dotted fuchsia bags contain 5 clear beige bags, 3 shiny blue bags, 5 clear red bags, 3 plaid olive bags.
bright plum bags contain 4 muted black bags.
posh orange bags contain 1 dotted black bag, 3 dotted cyan bags.
dim fuchsia bags contain 1 drab purple bag.
dim plum bags contain 4 vibrant gray bags, 4 plaid blue bags, 5 posh black bags, 5 dim cyan bags.
muted purple bags contain 5 shiny purple bags, 2 dim magenta bags.
wavy olive bags contain 5 plaid bronze bags, 2 wavy purple bags, 2 dark aqua bags.
pale plum bags contain 5 posh purple bags.
dull brown bags contain 4 dim blue bags, 5 dull gray bags.
dark blue bags contain 1 drab brown bag, 1 vibrant maroon bag, 5 dotted blue bags, 3 dim teal bags.
striped bronze bags contain 2 clear salmon bags, 1 posh bronze bag, 3 pale turquoise bags, 5 shiny green bags.
drab maroon bags contain 4 pale aqua bags.
pale lavender bags contain 3 dark green bags, 1 clear violet bag, 3 striped turquoise bags.
light blue bags contain 5 muted brown bags, 5 plaid indigo bags, 3 wavy purple bags, 3 dark chartreuse bags.
light violet bags contain 4 dark turquoise bags.
pale purple bags contain 1 dim red bag, 2 clear cyan bags, 3 posh lavender bags, 5 muted tomato bags.
shiny violet bags contain 4 dull blue bags, 1 light gold bag, 4 shiny gold bags, 5 posh teal bags.
shiny bronze bags contain 1 light tan bag, 2 faded fuchsia bags, 3 dull aqua bags, 2 clear coral bags.
dotted yellow bags contain 1 clear coral bag, 2 light magenta bags, 4 striped tomato bags.
dim yellow bags contain 5 muted gray bags, 3 mirrored lavender bags.
dim white bags contain 2 muted tan bags, 2 muted black bags, 4 pale beige bags, 1 dull bronze bag.
clear tomato bags contain 3 clear teal bags.
clear crimson bags contain 1 dotted chartreuse bag.
striped red bags contain 1 muted beige bag, 3 bright gray bags, 1 vibrant gray bag, 3 light coral bags.
muted plum bags contain 2 light gold bags, 1 striped turquoise bag.
posh white bags contain 3 dull olive bags.
dim salmon bags contain 2 faded fuchsia bags, 2 dim cyan bags.
muted magenta bags contain 2 posh cyan bags, 2 clear lavender bags, 3 wavy plum bags.
dark aqua bags contain 4 clear tan bags, 4 shiny purple bags.
dim black bags contain 1 dim orange bag, 3 plaid tan bags, 2 dotted purple bags, 1 dim teal bag.
vibrant indigo bags contain 4 shiny violet bags, 5 light blue bags, 1 faded purple bag.
plaid black bags contain 3 muted cyan bags.
striped black bags contain 5 vibrant violet bags, 4 muted tan bags.
dotted turquoise bags contain 2 clear orange bags, 5 muted plum bags.
wavy fuchsia bags contain 1 dull gold bag.
wavy black bags contain 3 dotted chartreuse bags, 3 clear coral bags.
clear silver bags contain 5 vibrant beige bags, 5 plaid bronze bags, 5 vibrant brown bags.
wavy crimson bags contain 1 plaid turquoise bag.
clear orange bags contain 5 posh teal bags, 5 bright green bags.
light silver bags contain 2 plaid tomato bags, 1 plaid plum bag, 5 dark yellow bags.
pale black bags contain 3 shiny lavender bags, 5 shiny olive bags, 4 light plum bags, 5 drab gray bags.
striped coral bags contain 1 posh gray bag, 3 clear crimson bags, 3 dotted violet bags, 5 shiny plum bags.
clear violet bags contain 2 dull magenta bags.
clear bronze bags contain 2 vibrant indigo bags, 3 drab plum bags, 3 striped lime bags, 2 striped olive bags.
vibrant purple bags contain 1 clear green bag.
plaid yellow bags contain 4 vibrant white bags.
faded aqua bags contain 2 clear yellow bags, 1 mirrored lavender bag, 3 light beige bags, 2 mirrored maroon bags.
shiny teal bags contain 1 posh cyan bag, 2 dull plum bags, 5 plaid olive bags, 2 drab teal bags.
light brown bags contain 4 wavy black bags.
bright gray bags contain 5 striped olive bags, 3 clear gray bags.
plaid violet bags contain 3 wavy black bags, 1 clear cyan bag, 5 dotted chartreuse bags.
dark crimson bags contain 1 dotted aqua bag, 2 drab plum bags.
pale beige bags contain 4 wavy black bags, 2 vibrant gray bags, 5 light tan bags, 5 mirrored coral bags.
faded blue bags contain 2 dim blue bags, 2 dotted coral bags.
dotted red bags contain 2 wavy gold bags, 1 dark silver bag, 5 vibrant lavender bags, 5 dim magenta bags.
dotted blue bags contain 3 dark gray bags, 5 muted lime bags, 3 vibrant crimson bags.
plaid aqua bags contain 5 posh brown bags, 2 vibrant gray bags.
bright maroon bags contain 2 dotted aqua bags.
faded coral bags contain 2 muted orange bags, 5 clear lavender bags, 4 faded magenta bags.
dull plum bags contain 4 dim white bags.
clear coral bags contain no other bags.
light purple bags contain 1 striped violet bag.
dotted white bags contain 2 dim chartreuse bags, 1 wavy blue bag, 1 dull white bag, 1 vibrant indigo bag.
faded bronze bags contain 5 pale beige bags, 1 wavy blue bag.
posh tomato bags contain 1 dotted salmon bag, 2 pale brown bags.
faded fuchsia bags contain 3 vibrant olive bags, 1 dull blue bag, 5 dull aqua bags.
muted fuchsia bags contain 5 dotted yellow bags, 4 plaid tan bags, 4 pale crimson bags.
shiny brown bags contain 3 posh turquoise bags, 5 wavy yellow bags.
clear gray bags contain 1 faded olive bag.
pale indigo bags contain 3 dull lavender bags, 2 vibrant plum bags.
plaid purple bags contain 4 muted lime bags, 5 dotted chartreuse bags, 2 dotted violet bags, 5 light indigo bags.
pale coral bags contain 4 muted crimson bags, 3 vibrant black bags, 4 clear tan bags.
dotted salmon bags contain 1 vibrant red bag.
muted gray bags contain 3 mirrored turquoise bags.
dotted indigo bags contain 1 posh yellow bag, 5 dotted blue bags, 2 faded blue bags.
mirrored orange bags contain 2 posh beige bags, 2 posh chartreuse bags.
dim tomato bags contain 5 posh chartreuse bags, 3 striped yellow bags, 3 muted tomato bags.
drab beige bags contain 1 vibrant white bag.
dull olive bags contain 4 mirrored fuchsia bags, 3 faded lavender bags.
shiny tan bags contain 2 clear yellow bags, 3 wavy aqua bags, 1 pale plum bag.
faded green bags contain 1 dotted salmon bag.
shiny black bags contain 5 dotted lavender bags.
dull yellow bags contain 3 posh beige bags, 1 pale lavender bag, 3 wavy tan bags, 3 dark lavender bags.
dull coral bags contain 2 dark chartreuse bags, 1 striped tomato bag.
striped plum bags contain 2 dark maroon bags.
mirrored brown bags contain 2 pale crimson bags, 1 dim tomato bag, 1 bright black bag.
clear purple bags contain 4 clear tan bags, 4 light cyan bags.
muted chartreuse bags contain 2 pale crimson bags, 4 bright purple bags.
clear olive bags contain 4 muted silver bags.
plaid olive bags contain 5 vibrant olive bags, 2 dark gray bags, 2 pale cyan bags.
bright teal bags contain 1 clear gold bag.
dim coral bags contain 2 shiny turquoise bags, 4 mirrored white bags, 3 striped white bags.
dotted teal bags contain 4 light plum bags.
bright brown bags contain 3 wavy teal bags, 3 light beige bags, 4 mirrored indigo bags, 5 plaid lime bags.
mirrored gold bags contain 4 shiny magenta bags, 1 vibrant magenta bag.
dotted plum bags contain 5 bright orange bags, 4 light black bags, 2 shiny brown bags.
vibrant silver bags contain 2 dim chartreuse bags, 1 plaid brown bag, 4 bright chartreuse bags.
dark olive bags contain 4 clear beige bags, 5 dotted violet bags, 3 dim white bags, 1 pale crimson bag.
dark coral bags contain 4 light salmon bags, 1 shiny coral bag, 3 faded tomato bags.
faded silver bags contain 2 shiny magenta bags.
shiny lime bags contain 2 pale plum bags, 4 dim maroon bags, 2 faded lime bags.
plaid brown bags contain 4 vibrant blue bags, 2 vibrant white bags, 5 plaid gray bags.
mirrored maroon bags contain 3 dotted green bags.
vibrant beige bags contain 5 pale beige bags, 1 mirrored white bag, 4 mirrored lavender bags.
faded brown bags contain 3 drab indigo bags, 1 posh yellow bag, 3 clear yellow bags.
drab aqua bags contain 4 vibrant brown bags, 5 pale salmon bags, 1 vibrant violet bag, 2 dotted aqua bags.
dim green bags contain 1 light orange bag, 1 mirrored orange bag.
dull maroon bags contain 4 muted blue bags, 5 posh red bags.
light olive bags contain 2 vibrant violet bags.
vibrant gold bags contain 2 posh purple bags, 3 dotted black bags, 1 muted maroon bag.
faded violet bags contain 2 clear white bags.
bright bronze bags contain 2 striped bronze bags, 3 bright black bags, 3 vibrant plum bags.
dark fuchsia bags contain 2 dull coral bags, 1 shiny brown bag.
dark teal bags contain 2 clear yellow bags, 2 posh tan bags, 3 plaid indigo bags, 3 faded salmon bags.
striped teal bags contain 4 striped brown bags.
faded turquoise bags contain 2 shiny olive bags.
dim beige bags contain 1 shiny crimson bag, 1 clear green bag, 3 pale indigo bags.
shiny white bags contain 2 dull blue bags, 2 light aqua bags.
wavy beige bags contain 2 dark silver bags, 4 muted gray bags.
light turquoise bags contain 4 dim teal bags, 2 striped olive bags.
bright lavender bags contain 1 light lime bag, 2 faded blue bags, 4 dotted silver bags, 3 vibrant gold bags.
pale tomato bags contain 1 striped olive bag.
clear tan bags contain 5 plaid salmon bags, 5 posh maroon bags, 2 pale crimson bags.
drab gray bags contain 4 posh bronze bags, 1 muted red bag.
striped white bags contain 5 posh turquoise bags, 2 posh maroon bags, 3 vibrant black bags.
drab tan bags contain 2 drab olive bags, 4 bright black bags, 2 shiny coral bags.
dull lime bags contain 5 dim silver bags, 1 muted orange bag, 4 dark indigo bags, 2 posh coral bags.
dull gold bags contain 2 dim maroon bags.
shiny beige bags contain 5 dull purple bags, 4 striped chartreuse bags.
faded cyan bags contain 2 clear tan bags, 4 shiny coral bags, 1 drab olive bag, 3 wavy gold bags.
dim brown bags contain 5 pale coral bags, 5 posh turquoise bags, 4 striped lime bags.
drab teal bags contain 2 shiny tomato bags, 4 drab tomato bags.
muted tan bags contain 3 clear gray bags.
shiny olive bags contain 3 dull white bags, 3 faded chartreuse bags.
bright cyan bags contain 5 pale tan bags, 3 mirrored plum bags, 1 vibrant green bag.
striped salmon bags contain 1 plaid indigo bag, 1 dark chartreuse bag.
pale lime bags contain 3 pale yellow bags, 1 muted olive bag, 4 dull indigo bags, 2 light magenta bags.
muted bronze bags contain 5 dark olive bags, 2 faded lime bags.
drab violet bags contain 3 shiny cyan bags, 4 faded gray bags.
light lime bags contain 2 pale crimson bags, 5 mirrored red bags.
dark salmon bags contain 5 dim yellow bags, 3 mirrored red bags, 4 light gold bags.
posh gray bags contain 4 muted tomato bags, 1 bright black bag, 1 mirrored turquoise bag, 1 faded lavender bag.
dull black bags contain 4 drab olive bags, 2 vibrant fuchsia bags, 3 mirrored maroon bags.
wavy yellow bags contain 2 vibrant olive bags.
light aqua bags contain 2 shiny violet bags.
faded salmon bags contain 3 faded olive bags, 2 pale crimson bags.
dull green bags contain 3 bright orange bags.
mirrored white bags contain 3 clear black bags.
drab silver bags contain 3 dull magenta bags.
faded maroon bags contain 1 mirrored chartreuse bag, 2 drab white bags, 5 striped purple bags.
dark yellow bags contain 4 dotted fuchsia bags.
posh maroon bags contain 4 faded fuchsia bags, 3 vibrant olive bags, 5 dull aqua bags.
vibrant orange bags contain 3 muted gray bags, 1 striped gray bag.
plaid blue bags contain 3 dark purple bags, 3 muted white bags, 4 drab lavender bags.
mirrored salmon bags contain 1 light magenta bag.
plaid fuchsia bags contain 2 plaid brown bags.
wavy orange bags contain 1 dim brown bag, 5 dotted aqua bags, 2 striped black bags.
mirrored cyan bags contain 3 light chartreuse bags, 2 dotted maroon bags, 5 muted red bags, 4 light tan bags.
mirrored red bags contain 2 wavy turquoise bags, 4 striped tomato bags, 5 light red bags, 4 posh purple bags.
shiny orange bags contain 2 plaid gray bags, 1 drab beige bag, 2 plaid red bags.
vibrant white bags contain 5 light tan bags, 3 wavy black bags, 2 mirrored lavender bags.
drab blue bags contain 1 dark purple bag.
dark gold bags contain 1 dim white bag, 5 posh teal bags.
mirrored gray bags contain 1 bright olive bag.
plaid white bags contain 4 striped orange bags, 2 muted beige bags, 2 vibrant fuchsia bags, 4 plaid salmon bags.
muted yellow bags contain 3 striped bronze bags, 4 dull bronze bags, 1 dim crimson bag, 5 posh crimson bags.
shiny yellow bags contain 2 vibrant indigo bags.
mirrored teal bags contain 5 pale crimson bags.
muted white bags contain 5 shiny lavender bags, 4 dotted yellow bags, 5 dotted gray bags.
posh green bags contain 2 mirrored fuchsia bags.
plaid salmon bags contain 2 dull blue bags, 2 vibrant crimson bags, 1 drab magenta bag, 5 plaid silver bags.
shiny tomato bags contain 5 vibrant plum bags, 5 light blue bags, 5 striped magenta bags.
drab magenta bags contain 4 clear yellow bags.
dim crimson bags contain 1 dark beige bag, 2 posh tomato bags.
faded tan bags contain 4 posh fuchsia bags.
dotted olive bags contain 4 striped turquoise bags, 1 muted lavender bag, 5 dotted aqua bags, 1 wavy purple bag.
dull magenta bags contain 4 vibrant indigo bags, 4 mirrored salmon bags, 2 pale cyan bags, 3 muted salmon bags.
muted violet bags contain 2 faded olive bags, 2 posh green bags.
wavy tan bags contain 1 faded fuchsia bag, 4 plaid lime bags, 1 pale magenta bag, 3 dim yellow bags.
vibrant yellow bags contain 1 posh gray bag, 4 mirrored lavender bags.
dull lavender bags contain 3 light chartreuse bags.
posh blue bags contain 5 dim aqua bags, 2 faded crimson bags, 5 wavy yellow bags.
plaid cyan bags contain 4 dark green bags, 2 vibrant cyan bags, 2 clear chartreuse bags, 2 clear blue bags.
muted aqua bags contain 3 bright black bags, 2 striped brown bags, 4 muted brown bags, 5 drab chartreuse bags.
plaid turquoise bags contain 4 faded salmon bags.
shiny cyan bags contain 5 muted lime bags, 1 dim tomato bag.
mirrored indigo bags contain 2 dotted yellow bags, 4 light gray bags.
dull violet bags contain 4 light beige bags.
plaid gray bags contain 3 vibrant lavender bags, 3 light chartreuse bags, 3 vibrant black bags.
dim aqua bags contain 1 posh coral bag.
bright purple bags contain 4 dark chartreuse bags, 2 muted red bags, 4 clear yellow bags.
pale olive bags contain 5 dull blue bags, 5 dotted lavender bags, 1 muted white bag, 5 light maroon bags.
vibrant turquoise bags contain 3 shiny turquoise bags.
faded magenta bags contain 2 posh teal bags, 4 dark indigo bags.
dark chartreuse bags contain 4 posh gray bags, 1 shiny turquoise bag, 5 dotted violet bags, 5 faded olive bags.
mirrored plum bags contain 2 light magenta bags, 1 vibrant tan bag, 2 striped aqua bags.
muted maroon bags contain 1 posh teal bag, 3 posh gray bags.
mirrored lavender bags contain no other bags.
dull crimson bags contain 5 shiny magenta bags.
wavy gold bags contain 5 wavy yellow bags, 2 mirrored coral bags, 4 pale crimson bags, 5 striped brown bags.
striped purple bags contain 1 dim teal bag, 3 dull lime bags, 5 bright magenta bags, 5 clear yellow bags.
muted green bags contain 5 clear tan bags, 5 plaid indigo bags.
posh yellow bags contain 2 dotted yellow bags, 5 faded salmon bags, 5 plaid indigo bags, 5 plaid lime bags.
striped lavender bags contain 5 faded lime bags.
light maroon bags contain 3 vibrant coral bags, 5 dim brown bags.
dim cyan bags contain 4 light chartreuse bags.
posh coral bags contain 3 clear crimson bags.
muted gold bags contain 3 clear beige bags, 2 vibrant olive bags, 1 mirrored gray bag.
light teal bags contain 2 muted brown bags, 5 drab purple bags, 2 wavy tomato bags, 4 dotted crimson bags.
striped olive bags contain 1 muted lime bag, 4 muted gray bags.
clear blue bags contain 3 dull lavender bags.
striped indigo bags contain 3 vibrant purple bags, 2 dim maroon bags, 3 pale lavender bags.
striped gold bags contain 3 dim teal bags.
faded crimson bags contain 4 muted black bags, 1 bright orange bag.
drab chartreuse bags contain 1 bright purple bag, 1 mirrored fuchsia bag.
posh teal bags contain 5 striped green bags, 3 posh purple bags, 1 wavy yellow bag, 5 clear gray bags.
mirrored violet bags contain 2 shiny violet bags, 1 plaid purple bag, 4 light tan bags.
dim red bags contain 2 vibrant crimson bags.
striped blue bags contain 4 dull silver bags.
striped brown bags contain 2 dark chartreuse bags, 2 posh turquoise bags, 2 muted red bags, 1 vibrant tomato bag.
pale blue bags contain 1 pale indigo bag, 4 faded cyan bags, 2 vibrant indigo bags.
plaid tan bags contain 4 dim tomato bags.
dull chartreuse bags contain 4 drab magenta bags.
dim silver bags contain 1 wavy indigo bag, 5 posh lavender bags.
dotted gold bags contain 1 shiny turquoise bag, 2 striped brown bags, 4 striped violet bags, 5 vibrant olive bags.
dark beige bags contain 2 vibrant tan bags, 3 bright aqua bags.
plaid lavender bags contain 2 vibrant violet bags, 4 dull tan bags, 2 light bronze bags.
clear lime bags contain 5 muted aqua bags, 2 muted black bags, 5 plaid maroon bags, 3 vibrant green bags.
pale crimson bags contain 3 wavy black bags.
dotted purple bags contain 5 wavy fuchsia bags, 2 posh lavender bags, 2 striped green bags.
faded beige bags contain 1 vibrant white bag, 2 light beige bags, 4 pale green bags, 4 dotted black bags.
bright orange bags contain 4 dim tomato bags.
light lavender bags contain 1 wavy white bag, 1 plaid red bag.
clear beige bags contain 2 posh lavender bags, 1 dim tomato bag, 3 shiny coral bags.
posh silver bags contain 3 light gray bags, 3 muted chartreuse bags, 3 plaid silver bags, 1 drab salmon bag.
wavy aqua bags contain 1 dull aqua bag.
clear indigo bags contain 2 pale gold bags, 5 dull cyan bags.
dark green bags contain 3 muted tan bags, 4 striped coral bags.
wavy bronze bags contain 1 faded black bag, 3 dark salmon bags, 4 bright magenta bags, 2 dark teal bags.
pale cyan bags contain 1 mirrored lavender bag.
wavy lavender bags contain 3 dotted black bags, 4 pale indigo bags, 3 clear green bags, 4 vibrant plum bags.
bright black bags contain 3 wavy purple bags, 5 pale cyan bags, 4 clear gray bags, 2 dull blue bags.
dotted beige bags contain 1 mirrored violet bag, 2 plaid black bags.
clear black bags contain 4 dark indigo bags, 3 light magenta bags.
dotted cyan bags contain 3 pale magenta bags.
dark tomato bags contain 2 shiny bronze bags, 3 clear bronze bags, 4 wavy purple bags, 2 pale coral bags.
mirrored yellow bags contain 2 dim violet bags, 3 striped tan bags, 2 dull chartreuse bags.
dull cyan bags contain 5 wavy purple bags, 1 mirrored turquoise bag.
posh cyan bags contain 2 vibrant gray bags.
dim lime bags contain 5 muted tomato bags, 5 posh gray bags, 4 pale green bags, 4 striped silver bags.
posh salmon bags contain 2 shiny green bags, 3 dotted black bags, 2 clear bronze bags, 2 muted lavender bags.
shiny aqua bags contain 2 muted salmon bags, 5 plaid indigo bags, 5 posh teal bags.
posh aqua bags contain 4 dim lime bags, 5 striped purple bags.
dull turquoise bags contain 1 dotted coral bag, 4 bright indigo bags, 2 shiny tan bags.
light beige bags contain 5 shiny gold bags, 1 clear yellow bag, 3 striped yellow bags, 4 muted salmon bags.
drab purple bags contain 1 clear brown bag.
mirrored purple bags contain 3 drab cyan bags, 2 light plum bags.
plaid silver bags contain 1 clear coral bag.
mirrored bronze bags contain 3 pale crimson bags, 2 dark brown bags, 1 vibrant tan bag.
pale orange bags contain 4 striped gray bags.
mirrored black bags contain 2 clear crimson bags.
mirrored tomato bags contain 5 light turquoise bags, 1 faded gold bag.
posh magenta bags contain 5 dotted silver bags.
posh chartreuse bags contain 5 dim yellow bags.
dotted black bags contain 3 mirrored turquoise bags.
plaid indigo bags contain 3 mirrored fuchsia bags, 5 wavy yellow bags, 2 plaid silver bags, 3 vibrant blue bags.
drab coral bags contain 4 wavy indigo bags, 3 clear salmon bags, 4 muted teal bags.
plaid orange bags contain 2 dotted plum bags.
light orange bags contain 4 light tomato bags, 4 vibrant blue bags, 3 light coral bags.
striped maroon bags contain 3 dark brown bags, 1 light silver bag.
striped cyan bags contain 4 muted orange bags, 1 light silver bag, 2 pale gold bags, 4 shiny plum bags.
posh violet bags contain 2 dark violet bags, 4 striped olive bags, 1 pale silver bag.
striped lime bags contain 4 dim orange bags.
